Yes.
Uh I'm going to Hong Kong and China.
At the end of this month.
No. That's in Japan in April. Yeah. So this are new.
like i decided uh I think like three weeks ago.
Friend. Yeah.
Yeah. I could tell you the reason too why we decided to book it so quick. this time uh
the end of January.
Um This was back in November. And um
She had to go into orientation on January 24th.
and um i thought it was gonna be like those like
For like two months? Yeah. It turned out to be a federal jury.
It's a high. High profile case.
Yeah, yeah. And so I was hoping that I
I was hoping that I didn't get to choose. But um luckily I got chosen.
ultimate jury so
I have to be honest though. The official is like 6 months are good.
But it take a year. Yeah. They go back
Where um... they start from the number one.
all the way up to the ....
Yeah, so I'm in, I'm in the middle where I'm like
so um if you're like more of
31/40 and you have good chance to being called then.
I mean, like the best so decline or might not.
they called me. It also like depends on...
and how they got excused. Yeah.
So, so that I got the chance and I like it
And so I decided to, like, I had to talk to my friend and
we both wanted to go to like an
I told him it might be better just case everybody now to go on
trip as earlier and as possible.
there's are might be a missing joke where I might
could be middle or end of it. so that's why we scheduled that like
like um late this month or early of next month.
So...
Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Although there, there was uh
They gave us a sheet uh where you could put
of which states are not available to do that. So they
They knew, they know that a lot of people already have vacation schedules. they
which date, to which state they  are not available to do that.
So I put all my unavailable date on here because
I have like a few trips coming up throughout the year, so...
Yeah, that's why we scheduled this trip at the end of this month.
so I'm going, yeah
to Hong Kong first and I think
It's like two and a half weeks, so it's coming up really soon.
Yeah. It's cool.
Yeah.
Uh so for Hong Kong. I'm gonna be there for around 4 days, 3 nights
Yeah. And then from there, me and my friend are going
to China. And were gonna be staying for
nine days in China.
Uh So this place is called Chongqing. Yeah, so
um I think it's more friendly. Yeah, so um what is there more for is that
recently trending.
Yeah, So everything is like very like modern, very futuristic. and there's like
a lot of like tall building... during the night
their people was like projecting masses where um there is
um I guess like a huge projector or adobe space
Everything looks very futuristic.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
So I really just found out about this city through like
the city is surreal. Coz it went like viral
like a few months ago. Yeah, yeah. And
Cho- Chongqing. C H O N G Q I N G
So Chongqing.
Uh yeah their, their food is like very
Uh there's a spicy taste? So everything is very spicy. Yeah.
Yeah, me neither  up until now.
mmm-hmm
Yeah. Like
we research a lot but we don't wanna
who goes to Hong Kong. yeah there's a lot of
photographs competition yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, yeah. Have you went to Hong Kong. Yeah.
Was that South or West?
Oh.
Okay.
Oh, yeah. Actually this gonna be my first time. So yeah.
Why?
Yeah.